Huh?
It's still late afternoon.
Komori Housing Complex Council
Nazuna Nanakusa
Ko Yamori
That day we were accomplices under the apple tree
We tried stepping over the line
Immediate black out
Oops, you're angry...
Chased away to this unfortunate dimension
I can't believe I...
Someone like me...
Of all people, I couldn't...
Wait, no way
I blamed you
Got hold of a secret
The fig leaves go right and left
In a blink of an eye I wake up
But then I'm falling toward the sky
I don't know, I just can't stop
Just one more bite
Again, Fallin' fallin' down in a spiral, falling on a skyscraper
Fallin' fallin' two all alone, we don't even notice the curtain call
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, forever
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, I let myself go
And just like that
The wounds are being filled, yeah
Again, Fallin' fallin' down in a spiral, falling on a skyscraper
Fallin' fallin' two all alone, we don't even notice the curtain call
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, forever
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, I let myself go
And just like that
The wounds are being filled, yeah
If I win here I'll finally reach a rating of 50,000!
I'm trembling!
No, stop!
What's up with that crappy item?!
This is such a crap game that
I'm never playing it again, I swear!
Damn it...
I'll thrash Ko-kun with that next time to feel better.
That thing I scheduled for delivery
should be coming soon.
I wonder when it's gonna come?
Sorry we missed you.
Nazuna Nanakusa
You were out and we could not
deliver your package.
Why?!
I specifically asked for a time I'd be awake
because I'm asleep during the day!
Sheesh!
Maybe I should specify pickup at a convenience store.
I feel bad making them make multiple delivery attempts.
Maybe I should clean the place?
But it's nighttime...
Not that there's anyone next door,
but it feels wrong all the same.
Laundry...
When I run it and hang it up right before I go to sleep,
I like how it's nice and dry when I wake up.
Vampires have a lot to think about, too.
So if you order this product in the next thirty minutes,
Steam irons again today.
That's no fun.
you can get an extra 50% off!
What's more, we'll throw these nozzle attachments in!
And that's still not all!
Just this once, believe it or not,
we're including the shipping and processing costs in-
What am I doing?!
Nighttime is inherently fun just for what it is!
I gotta go out.
Everyone I pass looks glum.
I wish they'd learn to enjoy the night.
Like a certain someone I know.
A kitty.
Hello!
Meow, meow, meow!
You doing okay, kitty?
N'aww, you're such a cutie!
There, there, there, there!
Meow, meow, meow, kitty!
Hey, whoa, whoa.
Bye-bye!
That stinks!
Stray cats stink!
What the heck!
That wild stench is potent...
Komori Baths
Oh, hello there.
Yo, big guy!
Can I get one bathing kit?
Sure thing.
Hey, sorry to ask this,
but can you let me know if this beeps?
Is this a watch?
Yeah, kind of.
I'm counting on ya.
Okay...
This thing where vampires don't have reflections...
It's stupid.
Not being able to see my face right when I need to
is just straight up inconvenient.
Hey, lady...
Thanks!
Yo!
Uh, who are you?
How could you forget a friend's face?
Huh?
But you're kinda...
What?!
What's the matter?
What, you're surprised I look so cute?!
Huh? For real?
No, it's not like that...
You said something about not liking girls,
but you're kind of a sucker for them, huh?
Will you shut up?!
So why is your hair different-
I was taking a bath.
Huh?! I wanna take one, too!
Sure, let's go.
What, really?
Didn't you already take one, Nazuna-chan?
I had to get out early because of a certain someone,
and I didn't get a chance to actually bathe.
I've never been to a bath house before.
It does feel nice, but for some reason...
you tend to remember stuff
you don't want to in the bath.
I was trying not to think about it.
The concern and anxiety over whether
I should really continue with this.
It's fun hanging out with Nazuna-chan.
It gives rise to a lot of emotions
I never even knew I had.
But that also means my heart is always busy.
I learned that the feeling of having fun
is an emotional strain in itself.
Hey, how was the bath?
It felt great!
I'm all refreshed.
Hmm?
What's up?
N-nothing!
Very busy.
Komori Baths
So, what should we do tonight?
I realize what I'm thinking is very inappropriate.
Nothing's that different from usual, really.
Anything you wanna do?
She's just freshly out of the bath
with a different hairstyle.
That's all, so why is my heart pounding a bit?
Is it because the bath improved my blood flow?
It's giving me all kind of thoughts.
Both good thoughts and bad ones.
Hey...
And because of that, I can't focus.
Hey!
I feel bad being like this.
I have to act like I usually do, and quick.
Hello?
Hey!
Yikes!
What's up?
Your face is red.
Did you get overheated?
Uh, well...
Nazuna-chan, can you suck my blood right now?!
Huh? Why?
Well if you want me to, I will.
Yes, please!
I realized that there are two benefits
to getting my blood sucked.
One is that it calms any strong emotions
and helps clear my head.
The other is to assess my feelings.
I can't help...
well, feeling a kind of attraction in this relationship,
and it's only natural that my brain is
tricked into thinking I'm in love.
I want to fall in love with her, I want to be like her,
and that's why I'm where I am right now.
But recently, I've been just a bit scared.
I've never fallen in love with anyone.
So I can't tell.
I give my blood to know my own feelings.
A confirmation process: that's the benefit.
I'm sure everyone's scared their first time.
I was just feeling hungry.
Sorry, but I won't be able to hold back.
Huh?
Having my blood sucked is both painful and arousing.
I see, it IS like copulation.
You okay?
Yeah...
Sorry, it was just too tasty.
Uh, well...
I just need a bit of a rest...
To Rest
Nazuna-chan, there's a place there for resting!
You're right...
You wanna "rest"?
I do! It says they have video games, too!
If you knew, you could have just said
what this place was for.
You're the worst, Nazuna-chan...
What?
I thought you brought me here knowing what was up!
You're such a letch!
Why would you think that?!
So...
Were you able to assess your feelings,
vampire-wannabe boy?
When I suck blood, I can get an idea of
what you're thinking from the taste.
Like what kind of desires you have
when you look at me, you know?
Was my look after the bath so alluring
that you got confused again?
You're the worst...
Did I go too far with the teasing?
Honestly, I hate this.
Because I think of you as a friend.
Sure, my goal is to fall in love with you.
Right...
But having those kinds of thoughts about a friend...
It kind of feels really immoral.
I didn't really want you to know.
When you're enjoying the night,
immoral's just about right.
Don't worry about it.
Those emotions add variety to how your blood tastes.
I see that now.
By provoking your emotions,
I get to enjoy the taste of your blood more.
So, let me keep savoring
the different emotions you have.
This agreement we have only works to begin with
because your blood is so tasty.
Don't be lazy about your emotions.
Fun, pain, joy, sadness...
Everything you feel...
feel them for me.
Your flavor today was delicious as always.
Nazuna-chan, than-
Oh, that's right!
I think you're supposed to be able to watch
naughty videos in these kind of places,
so let's play one at max volume and
put some pressure on the people next door!
What?! Your idea of fun is awful!
This is a pay-to-view HD broadcast.
Please buy a ticket (1,000 yen/stay)
at the machine.
You have to pay to watch?!
The inconsiderate jerks!
It's probably a measure against obnoxious
customers like you, Nazuna-chan.
Fun, pain, joy, sadness...
I hoped that what all my different emotions
eventually lead to would be...
falling in love.
5th Night: Well, That’s a Problem
Nazuna-chan says my blood is tasty.
She could only say that
if she knows the taste of other blood.
Hey look, Ko-kun.
There's a drunk guy puking again.
Whose blood?
And from how many people?
You're right.
I kind of want to ask, but I don't.
It's complicated.
If she said, "I've sucked his blood before,"
I'd really hate that.
Oh, I've sucked blood from that dude before.
Huh?!
What?
You are such an insensitive woman.
Uh? What do you mean?
What, is it like, you don't want to hear about
the other guys I've been with?
You jealous?
Aww, you're such a cutie!
There, there, there!
Th-this is really infuriating...
Anyway, don't worry.
I sucked blood from women too, you know?
And now you're the only one.
You said "now."
Then what did you do before?
You didn't have someone like me that you
consistently took blood from, did you?
Oh, well obviously, it's just like when
I invited you to my place.
You picked up customers by pretending
you sold naughty services?
I don't think that's right.
I don't sell naughty services!
That's insulting!
I guess I never told you,
because you've been around lately.
I've always worked as...
...a professional cuddler.
Welcome!
So you did provide naughty services!
What's with the cosplay?!
It's not naughty.
Just a guy and a girl sleeping together.
Like that's not plenty?!
It's not cosplay, you know.
It's an official costume.
Here you go.
CUDDLE BUDDY NANAKUSA
Standard Cuddle Course: 3,000 yen
Motherly Indulgence Course: 3,500 yen
Massage Course: 4,000 yen
Which do you want?
You want me to pay?!
Oh, don't worry.
I wouldn't charge you, Ko-kun.
Only for the add-ons.
Uh?
Okay, the Massage Course, then.
You're tired?
How's that, sir?
Does this feel good?
I guess.
I swear, I had nothing dirty on my mind
when I chose the Massage Course.
Definitely nothing dirty!
I'll work from the head end of you now.
There we go...
I swear...
I swear!
Your lymph fluid can build up, you see.
In order to get easy access to people's blood,
I came up with a bunch of ideas.
You can't just ambush people these days, y'know?
I taught myself how to give massages.
Not bad, right?
I'm sure the Massage Course was very popular.
You can tell?
I guess it's obvious.
And then she sucks their blood
once they've relaxed and dozed off.
I know, I'm probably more jealous than I think.
But that's not all.
I want to learn more...
about Nazuna-chan.
Ko-kun, get up for a moment.
Ko-kun, don't worry.
Huh?
Look, just relax.
Make a loose fist.
Good.
This place between the tips
of your index and middle fingers...
Here.
This is a pressure point called the rokyu.
The rokyu improves your blood flow,
delivering oxygen to your whole body
to relieve fatigue.
It also helps straighten out
your autonomic nervous system,
so it's perfect for remedying insomnia.
The superstition of drawing a spiral on
your hand and swallowing it to relax
may have come from this pressure point,
according to some.
I...
I can't believe this is so informative.
This is the shitsumin pressure point.
O-ow! Ow!
The hyakue...
Wow, that feels good.
The danchu...
I can't breathe...
And finally...
the kankotsu, and here's...
...the one for restful sleep.
You sleep really well after having
your blood sucked, right?
Maybe it has to do with this pressure point.
Ko-kun, come here.
It's about time, isn't it?
S-someone's here?
I-I'm just gonna go take a look.
I'm sure it's a mistake, anyway.
O-of course.
This is like that thing when the parents
come home unexpectedly.
Oh crap, it's a customer.
Huh?
I guess I forgot to take down the sign.
What should I do, Ko-kun?
What do you mean, "what should I do"?
I'm all tired out.
Ko-kun, could you answer it instead?
Why?
Giving massages is pretty tiring.
Okay.
So I should turn them away for today?
That customer was into the Massage Course.
I'm counting on you.
You're going to be the cuddle buddy!
Huh?
U-um, welcome, miss.
Please, come in.
O-oh? I thought a girl worked here...
Nazu- The boss is resting at the moment.
I see...
The Massage Course, please.
Sure thing.
Please wait here for a moment.
Nazuna-chan!
Heck yeah!
I'm number one!
You're gaming?! Why?!
Ko-kun, you handling the customer okay?
And you're not even sorry!
Settle down, this is a pretty good deal for you, y'know.
Let's hear it, then.
Kiyosumi Shirakawa, twenty-four years old.
Two years in at a publishing company.
A slightly tired office worker.
And you get to touch her body.
Just imagine it.
Isn't that titillating?
You're awful!
Shut the business down!
Wait, what?!
They come in with complete trust.
They're a customer!
That kind of sleazy attitude is so not okay!
You should be ashamed!
Sheesh, I can't argue with that.
What are you, a goody-goody?
I was sure the lewd pitch would get you into it!
No way! There's no convincing me now!
I feel bad for her, but let's ask her to leave.
I can't do that!
Why not?
Then why don't you just do it?
I'm tired now, so I don't wanna!
You "don't wanna"?!
Listen, Ko-kun.
What?
You see, I make a living off of the cuddling business.
But recently, because of you,
I haven't worked at all this month.
Which means, I have no money.
But that has nothing to do with me.
Jeez! Of course it does!
Enjoying the night can cost money, too!
Aren't you ashamed you made
the girl pay for the hotel?!
Come on, Ko-kun, I'll even compensate you!
What? Really?!
Really, really!
Half the price.
How's 2,000 yen sound?
A-a whole 2,000 yen?!
But jeez, I've never even given a massage...
Oh, you'll be fine.
Just do exactly what I did!
Is 2,000 yen not enough?
No, that's not it...
If you do this for me, I'll reward you,
by giving you another kiss.
Okay?
The call of the night
Shine on me moonlight
Eye caught by blue light
The two-faced sides of neon lights
The call of the night
Take me away, midnight
Bloodshot red eyes
A lullaby for grownups
Loved the nights since I was a kid
I kinda hated going to bed at nine
It just felt like a waste somehow
I wanted to get to know you better
Hey hey
The early bird catches you know what
I wanna see deeper, deeper, deeper
Unravel in deep shades
From 12 o'clock to 2 o'clock
The first time I stepped over you
No, the first I mounted you was at fourteen, I think
Me, just an ignorant wannabe
Led by the hand, everything was new
Your physique and that scent
That dark skin that fits well with the quiet
I was drawn in, submissive to the beckoning
Then you gave me music
You showed me a woman's naked body
Sipped on booze I'd never had
Smoked my old man's butts
Flooded with don't do's
Smeared with shouldn't know's
Under the screen of darkness, coming to get us
You're always so capricious
The call of the night
Shine on me moonlight
Eye caught by blue light
The two-face sides of neon lights
The call of the night
Take me away, midnight
Bloodshot red eyes
A lullaby for grownups